The client of my project was The Gaming Room. They had an existing project of theirs called Draw It Or Lose It that existed on Android app stores. They reached out to me in order to perform research and propose a plan to develop a port of the game to be accessible as a web application. They wanted adequate research on each available platform that showed pros and cons of each in terms of architecture, development considerations, and costs among other things.

As previously mentioned, they wanted the game to be developed to become accessible to a web browser users (not just owners of Android devices). The application should be familiar to existing players, responsive, cross-compatible, and accurately emulate the rules of their game. Additionally, they specifically mentioned they wanted to ensure there could only be single instances of the application running on a device at a time as it would likely introduce elements of unfairness to other players as well as being a potential source for bugs.

Having a document that clearly and concisely spells out the requirements of the project allows me to put to words how parts of the project as a whole need to be managed. In particular, the UML diagram and accompanying descriptions detail the structure of the code. It shows exactly how each part relates to the project as a whole which makes it incredibly easy to at least develop a skeleton of code. If there is uncertainty as to what a part of code needs to do, the document can be referenced to refresh one's memory.

One part I feel could have used more work was the recommendations and evaluation sections. I am not super familiar with all of the specifics of each platform's architectures and capabilities so I took a more broad approach when describing each section. Perhaps more research could have been done on this to get bigger, more technical picture of each platform in order to better convey the required information. It could have made for a more convincing argument.

Before coding, I tried to develop an understanding as to why the client would want the application designed the way they requested. I tried to envision how the application would run and used that when creating the design proposal. It is important to follow these requirements because they have a more complete vision of what the project should be. There may be reasons that aren't yet apparent as to why they want something done a certain way. If a developer who is working for a client tries to go off and do their own things, it may leave them unsatisfied with the final product. 

When building out the client's code, I initially developed the basic building blocks for the structure of application. I did not worry about the specific fields required to accomplish it, I just made a working structure and built it up from that. In the future, for similar projects, I may look into reusing code structures I have here to accomplish similar tasks. Doing so saves time developing and troubleshooting as much as it might if I'm coding something from scratch again.
